Toast component (#452)
CoherentLabs/GameUIComponents: components/toast/README.md

<!--Copyright (c) Coherent Labs AD. All rights reserved. Licensed under the MIT License. See License.txt in the project root for license information. -->

The gameface-toast is part of the Gameface custom components suite. As most of the components in this suite it uses slots to allow dynamic content.

Installation
===================

```
npm i coherent-gameface-toast
```

## Usage with UMD:

* import the toast component:

~~~~{.html}
<script src="./node_modules/coherent-gameface-toast/dist/toast.production.min.js"></script>
~~~~

* add the toast component to your html:

~~~~{.html}

> <gameface-toast gravity="top" position="center"    timeout="3000">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<gameface-toast gravity="top" position="center" timeout="3000">
```

Author: Fixed

  ```css
  .custom-toast-class.guic-toast-hide {
      animation-name: guic-toast-fade-out; /* Use the same name for compatibility */
      animation-duration: 0.8s; /* Custom duration */
  }
  @keyframes guic-toast-fade-out {
      from { opacity: 1; }
      to { opacity: 0; }
  }
  ```

Specifying the content
=========================

Use the `message` slot to specify the message of the toast.

~~~~{.html}
<gameface-toast gravity="top" position="left">
    <div slot="message">Toast on top left</div>
</gameface-toast>
~~~~

Use the `close-btn` slot to include a close button in your toast:

~~~~{.html}
<gameface-toast class="styled-toast" gravity="top" position="right" timeout="5000">
  <div slot="message">I have a target element</div>
  <div slot="close-btn">x</div>
</gameface-toast>
~~~~

> Keep in mind that you **must** provide some content inside the slot, otherwise the close functionality of the button won't work. That's because the slot expects some content inside and then attaches the closing logic. If you don't specify a `close-btn` slot the toast will require manual removal (if timeout attribute is missing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that you **must** provide some content inside the slot, otherwise the close functionality of the button won't work. That's because the slot relies on content being present to attach the closing logic. 
If you omit the `close-btn` slot, you'll need to manually handle the toast's removal (if the timeout attribute is not set).
```

Author: Fixed

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed

Full list of the available attributes can be found [here](#Attributes).

## How to use

To use the toast component you must first add the element in your html:

```{.html}
<gameface-toast gravity="top" position="right" timeout="5000">
  <div slot="message">I am a positioned toast!</div>
  <div slot="close-btn">x</div>
</gameface-toast>
```
### Showing the toast

To display the toast you have 2 options:
1. Manually getting the toast with js and calling the toast method `show()`

> 2. Specifying a target element with the `target` attribute with an element selector as the value of the attribute. When the target element is clicked the `show()` method will be called on the toast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Using the `target` attribute to specify a target element by providing an element selector as its value. When the target element is clicked the `show()` method will be called on the toast.
```

> After the first call of the `show()` method 6 div containers will be created to host the toasts. The initialization of the containers will happen only the first time an instance of the toast component has been shown. These containers specify each place the toast can appear on and are implemented to allow for an easier way to stack toasts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the first call of the `show()` method six containers will be created to host the toasts. The initialization of the containers will happen only the first time an instance of the toast component has been shown. These containers specify each place the toast can appear on and are implemented to allow for an easier way to stack toasts.
```

I don't care about if there are divs or not :D IMO we can omit `div` word here.

Author: true ;d, fixed

### Hiding the toast

In most use cases toasts go away on their own after a while. 

There are 2 different ways you can close the toast component:

> 1. With a `timeout` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using the `timeout` attribute.
```

Author: Fixed

To display the toast you have 2 options:
1. Manually getting the toast with js and calling the toast method `show()`

> 2.  Using the `target` attribute to specify a target element by providing an element selector as its value. When the target element is clicked the `show()` method will be called on the toast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Using the `target` attribute to specify a target element by providing an element selector as its value. When the target element is clicked the `show()` method will be called on the toast.
```

Author: Done
